Ly Bu Language assassination Quang Lang Net authentic evidence
Put him down for me.
What do you want to do in the jade?
Let go of the robot.
Quang Lang me this person heinous crime does not forgive his crime in which I ask Quang Lang Vuong to interrupt this murder for treason
That's right, ask Quang Lang Vuong to kill this person.
Taking Static Pepper by the countries of the world to reconsider
Today the drunk bull beat himself up.
I can report your life.
I could have saved you if you didn't plead guilty.
It's hard to escape today, I'm dead.
More like that.
I'm not strict.
I'd rather die clean.
It's not possible to live in the world with specific anonymity.
If you don't like
What are your bets?
Take a picture
Your Majesty.
Hell, I can't even kill you.
Move me command
The ceremony is not serious today.
Thien Long prison wait a moment